# Well Network Deisgn of Onshore Condensate Reservoir
X Company is planning to develop an onshore gas condensate field. Your team was contracted to simulate a real lift production design for this field, and evaluate the economic feasibility of this reservoir. Reservoir data, fluid properties, wellbore and pipeline profile are given in detail as follows. You are assigned to design the production plan for this field for at least 10 years. Your proposed production plan should consider at least the following aspects:
1. Determine the optimum pipeline and tubing sizes. Discuss the logic that you use to select pipeline and tubing sizes.
2. Should chokes be installed, why or why not? If chokes are needed, where should they be installed?
3. Determine if any artificial lift method will be necessary? If it is need, consider different artificial lift methods, including ESP, PCP, sucker rod pumps and gas lifting, and select the most optimal artificial lift system for the reservoir and production conditions given. Indicate, when the wells we need artificial system method to produce;
4. Determine if any multi-phase pump installation at the surface is needed.
5. Analyze potential flow assurance issues, i.e., erosion and hydrate formation.
6. Determine erosional velocity profile for production tubing and flow line.
7. Determine the temperature-pressure profiles from downhole to surface separator.
8. Should the pipeline be insulated or heated? Why or why not?
9. Discuss the uncertainty generated by applying different multiphase flow models in tubing and pipeline in terms of pipeline and tubing sizing, artificial lift selection and optimization, flow assurance management, production forecast, etc.
10. Consider an economic component of this project (a rough approximation is fine; you may consider the oil price of $45 per barrel or gas price of $2 per Mcf). Is this project economically feasible?

### Pipesim is widely used advanced software in production engineering to design wells, well networks as well as fluid properties. We also used Pipesim in our project. All files are provided under this repository.
